com/felhr/deviceids/CP2130Ids.java
 com.felhr.deviceids.CP2130Ids
com/felhr/usbserial/UsbSerialDevice.java
 com.felhr.usbserial.UsbSerialDevice
 com.felhr.usbserial.UsbSerialDevice$1
 com.felhr.usbserial.UsbSerialDevice$ReadThread
 com.felhr.usbserial.UsbSerialDevice$WorkerThread
 com.felhr.usbserial.UsbSerialDevice$WriteThread
com/felhr/usbserial/UsbSerialInterface.java
 com.felhr.usbserial.UsbSerialInterface
 com.felhr.usbserial.UsbSerialInterface$UsbBreakCallback
 com.felhr.usbserial.UsbSerialInterface$UsbCTSCallback
 com.felhr.usbserial.UsbSerialInterface$UsbDSRCallback
 com.felhr.usbserial.UsbSerialInterface$UsbFrameCallback
 com.felhr.usbserial.UsbSerialInterface$UsbOverrunCallback
 com.felhr.usbserial.UsbSerialInterface$UsbParityCallback
 com.felhr.usbserial.UsbSerialInterface$UsbReadCallback
com/felhr/usbserial/SerialInputStream.java
 com.felhr.usbserial.SerialInputStream
com/felhr/usbserial/BuildConfig.java
 com.felhr.usbserial.BuildConfig
com/felhr/deviceids/CP210xIds.java
 com.felhr.deviceids.CP210xIds
com/felhr/usbserial/CDCSerialDevice.java
 com.felhr.usbserial.CDCSerialDevice
com/felhr/usbserial/CP2102SerialDevice.java
 com.felhr.usbserial.CP2102SerialDevice
 com.felhr.usbserial.CP2102SerialDevice$1
 com.felhr.usbserial.CP2102SerialDevice$FlowControlThread
com/felhr/deviceids/PL2303Ids.java
 com.felhr.deviceids.PL2303Ids
com/felhr/deviceids/Helpers.java
 com.felhr.deviceids.Helpers
com/felhr/usbserial/SerialBuffer.java
 com.felhr.usbserial.SerialBuffer
 com.felhr.usbserial.SerialBuffer$SynchronizedBuffer
com/felhr/usbserial/CP2130SpiDevice.java
 com.felhr.usbserial.CP2130SpiDevice
com/felhr/usbserial/BLED112SerialDevice.java
 com.felhr.usbserial.BLED112SerialDevice
com/felhr/usbserial/PL2303SerialDevice.java
 com.felhr.usbserial.PL2303SerialDevice
com/felhr/utils/SafeUsbRequest.java
 com.felhr.utils.SafeUsbRequest
com/felhr/deviceids/XdcVcpIds.java
 com.felhr.deviceids.XdcVcpIds
com/felhr/usbserial/UsbSpiDevice.java
 com.felhr.usbserial.UsbSpiDevice
 com.felhr.usbserial.UsbSpiDevice$ReadThread
 com.felhr.usbserial.UsbSpiDevice$WriteThread
com/felhr/deviceids/CH34xIds.java
 com.felhr.deviceids.CH34xIds
com/felhr/usbserial/FTDISerialDevice.java
 com.felhr.usbserial.FTDISerialDevice
 com.felhr.usbserial.FTDISerialDevice$FTDIUtilities
com/felhr/utils/ProtocolBuffer.java
 com.felhr.utils.ProtocolBuffer
 com.felhr.utils.ProtocolBuffer$1
 com.felhr.utils.ProtocolBuffer$SeparatorPredicate
com/felhr/utils/HexData.java
 com.felhr.utils.HexData
com/felhr/usbserial/SerialOutputStream.java
 com.felhr.usbserial.SerialOutputStream
com/felhr/usbserial/AbstractWorkerThread.java
 com.felhr.usbserial.AbstractWorkerThread
com/felhr/usbserial/CH34xSerialDevice.java
 com.felhr.usbserial.CH34xSerialDevice
 com.felhr.usbserial.CH34xSerialDevice$1
 com.felhr.usbserial.CH34xSerialDevice$FlowControlThread
com/felhr/usbserial/UsbSpiInterface.java
 com.felhr.usbserial.UsbSpiInterface
 com.felhr.usbserial.UsbSpiInterface$UsbMISOCallback
com/felhr/usbserial/UsbSerialDebugger.java
 com.felhr.usbserial.UsbSerialDebugger
com/felhr/usbserial/SerialPortCallback.java
 com.felhr.usbserial.SerialPortCallback
com/felhr/deviceids/FTDISioIds.java
 com.felhr.deviceids.FTDISioIds
com/felhr/usbserial/SerialPortBuilder.java
 com.felhr.usbserial.SerialPortBuilder
 com.felhr.usbserial.SerialPortBuilder$1
 com.felhr.usbserial.SerialPortBuilder$InitSerialPortThread
 com.felhr.usbserial.SerialPortBuilder$PendingUsbPermission
 com.felhr.usbserial.SerialPortBuilder$UsbDeviceStatus
com/felhr/usbserial/XdcVcpSerialDevice.java
 com.felhr.usbserial.XdcVcpSerialDevice
com/felhr/utils/Utils.java
 com.felhr.utils.Utils
